readme.md, before:

# Puz

## Install

* npm i gh-pages

* npm run deploy

## Run

https://ernoviitanen-lut.github.io/Puz/index.html

## Credits

Character Pack: Free Sample by Sypercyan [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/character-pack-free-sample-79870)

* Character and animation
* SimpleCharacterController

Creating a Hexagon Grid in Unity by Cornelius Custard [YouTube](https://youtu.be/konL0iB5gPI)

* Hexagon blender modeling
* Blender model to unity
* Hexagon grid generator

Art of Silence by Uniq [YouTube](https://youtu.be/3V-pYCGx0C4)

"Art of Silence - by Uniq" is under a Creative Commons license (Creative Commons – International Recognition 4.0 – CC BY 4.0)

* Background music

Classic footsteps SFX

* Footstep sounds

Voice of Heroes: Billy by Artefoley [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/foley/voice-of-heroes-billy-60441)

* Character sounds

10 Texture Sets 'Industrial 02' by Angry Ant Entertainment [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/10-texture-sets-industrial-02-17624)

* Floor textures

Simplest possible day night cycle in Unity 5 by Øyvind Strømsvik (TwiiK) [TwiiK](http://twiik.net/articles/simplest-possible-day-night-cycle-in-unity-5)

* Day and night cycle

Grid hex hexagonal hexagon pattern by Coffee [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/illustrations/grid-hex-hexagonal-hexagon-pattern-3227459/)

* Menu background

Barkentina by Kiril [Fontm.com](http://fontm.com/barkentina-font/)

* Menu fonts

Make A Gorgeous Start Menu by Thomas Brush [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqZjZ6yv1lA)

* Menu logic
* Menu selection box
   
SciFi UI Sound FX by Bright Shining Star [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/scifi-ui-sound-fx-27282)

* Menu sounds

Lecompte Free Font by Andy Lobjois [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/fonts/lecompte-free-font-72173)

* Game fonts (icons)

Breaking A Wall Down (With A Hammer) by scampsie [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/scampsie/sounds/417091/)

* Boulder sounds

Settings Menu Unity by Brackeys [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOaYQrN1oYQ)

* Options logic

Commit message:

credits for background music in trailer

readme.md, after:

# Puz

## Deploy

* npm i gh-pages

* npm run deploy

## Run

https://ernoviitanen-lut.github.io/Puz/index.html

## Watch

https://youtu.be/UXqjvS-uQg4
## Credits

Character Pack: Free Sample by Sypercyan [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/character-pack-free-sample-79870)

* Character and animation
* SimpleCharacterController

Creating a Hexagon Grid in Unity by Cornelius Custard [YouTube](https://youtu.be/konL0iB5gPI)

* Hexagon blender modeling
* Blender model to unity
* Hexagon grid generator

Art of Silence by Uniq [YouTube](https://youtu.be/3V-pYCGx0C4)

"Art of Silence - by Uniq" is under a Creative Commons license (Creative Commons – International Recognition 4.0 – CC BY 4.0)

* Background music

Classic footsteps SFX

* Footstep sounds

Voice of Heroes: Billy by Artefoley [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/foley/voice-of-heroes-billy-60441)

* Character sounds

10 Texture Sets 'Industrial 02' by Angry Ant Entertainment [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/10-texture-sets-industrial-02-17624)

* Floor textures

Simplest possible day night cycle in Unity 5 by Øyvind Strømsvik (TwiiK) [TwiiK](http://twiik.net/articles/simplest-possible-day-night-cycle-in-unity-5)

* Day and night cycle

Grid hex hexagonal hexagon pattern by Coffee [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/illustrations/grid-hex-hexagonal-hexagon-pattern-3227459/)

* Menu background

Barkentina by Kiril [Fontm.com](http://fontm.com/barkentina-font/)

* Menu fonts

Make A Gorgeous Start Menu by Thomas Brush [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqZjZ6yv1lA)

* Menu logic
* Menu selection box
   
SciFi UI Sound FX by Bright Shining Star [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/sound-fx/scifi-ui-sound-fx-27282)

* Menu sounds

Lecompte Free Font by Andy Lobjois [Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/fonts/lecompte-free-font-72173)

* Game fonts (icons)

Breaking A Wall Down (With A Hammer) by scampsie [Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/scampsie/sounds/417091/)

* Boulder sounds

Settings Menu Unity by Brackeys [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOaYQrN1oYQ)

* Options logic

Villanious by David Fesliyan [fesliyanstudios.com](https://www.fesliyanstudios.com/royalty-free-music/download/villainous/397)

* Credits to Fesliyan Studios for the background music in the trailer
